_tabs/about.md, before:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

# This club

This is a small but potent group of Minecrafters.

# How to get a guest invitation

Talk to one of our club members to receive an invite card. You must have two members vouch for you by stamping your invite card. Present your invite card to the club leader upon arriving. Your first visit as a guest is on us.

# Attending a club meeting

We have a [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct) which all members agree to follow while at our meetings. Guests who exhibit unacceptable behavior will not be invited back.

To cover cost of snacks, drinks, and awards, each person attending pays club dues (except for 1st time guests). You must pay dues before attending, but if you can't one week you may defer payment until the following week. Outstanding club dues may not be carried over beyond one week in order to attend.

Non-members pay slightly more than members.

# How to become a member

After attending four (4) meetings, you have the opportunity to become a full-fledged member. This discounts the cost of attending meetings to member-rate club dues.

# Maintaining member status

You may maintain your member status for one year without attending meetings. You do not have to pay for meetings you miss unless you have paid up front. We have a no refund policy.

Commit message:

Update about to point to membership page

_tabs/about.md, after:

---
# the default layout is 'page'
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

## This club

This is a small but potent group of Minecrafters.

## How to get a guest invitation

Talk to one of our club members to receive an invite card. You must have two members vouch for you by stamping your invite card. Present your invite card to the club leader upon arriving. Your first visit as a guest is on us.

## Attending a club meeting

We have a [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct) which all members agree to follow while at our meetings. Guests who exhibit unacceptable behavior will not be invited back.

To cover cost of snacks, drinks, and awards, each person attending pays club dues (except for 1st time guests). You must pay dues before attending, but if you can't one week you may defer payment until the following week. Outstanding club dues may not be carried over beyond one week in order to attend.

Non-members pay slightly more than members.

## Full Membership

For more information on becoming a full member, see our [Membership](/membership) page.
